---
Date: 2023-03-20 17:22
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/12
---

## Reason #12: kindness binds us
It's the line I have at the bottom of all of my web pages, but there is a question has to be asked: How does kindness always win?

Being kind is actually a lot harder than people give credit for. It's being selfless when it is so much easier to be selfish and just do the thing that's best / easiest for you.

What's the driving factor that makes people want to be kind? Is it shame? Knowing that they will be shunned from their wider community for doing selfish things. Maybe it's actually selfish, helping people when you know you have the means to do so, and expecting it to be reciprocated should you need it.

Perhaps the reason doesn't matter, or maybe the reason is wanting the world a brighter place. I just find it interesting that people will do anything possible to make the most amount of money, and then others will give away absolutely everything they have to make sure strangers have a better life.

The most recent example of someone being kind when they had the option not to is [Adam](https://social.lol/@adam) hosting a charity auction to benefit [The Trevor Project](https://www.thetrevorproject.org/). I don't want to steal his thunder too much, so you can [read all about it here.](https://omglol.news/2023/03/19/charity-auction-benefitting-the-trevor-project)



### Today was a 6/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)
