---
Date: 2023-03-23 15:00
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/15
---

## Reason #15: Framework
Today, Framework announced the latest development in their laptop ecosystem. For the second upgrade in a row, you can simply purchase a brand new mainboard and place it into your pre-existing Framework laptop to upgrade to the latest and greatest Intel processor. Better yet - you can even go AMD now too!

The Framework Laptop drives a very interesting value proposition. They aren't happy with you just being able to minimise waste by upgrading your mainboard. They partnered with Cooler Master to create an enclosure which turns your old mainboard into a PC, and if you upgrade from a 55WH battery to the enhanced 61WH one, there's also an enclosure that turns that old battery into a power bank!

It's this kind of thinking that gives me hope for the tech industry. Not just because Framework is doing it, but because others are taking notice and are becoming equally passionate. The Framework laptop shows that if you want to build something sustainable and with repairability in mind - you don't need to sacrifice looks or performance. The laptop comes with a screwdriver in the box for crying out loud!

### Why why don't I own a Framework laptop?
A couple of reasons. Partially budget: My main laptop is a £400 Chromebook. Partially Windows: I love using ChromeOS when I'm on the go, and the Framework Laptop ChromeOS edition hadn't yet been released in the UK. And finally x86: I do think that, like it or not, ARM is the future of mobile computing. Using the M1 Max in my Mac Studio has convinced me of that, and the Mediatek processor in my Acer Spin 513 equally blows me away at how I can get 12+ hours of usage from a battery smaller than the one in my phone.

Along with all of that: The best way of being more sustainable, is to just not buy the newest shiniest piece of tech when it comes out. That's the hardest one to do, but if anyone wants to gift me a Framework 13 I wouldn't be opposed to it.

### Today was a 6/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)
