---
Date: 2023-03-27 02:07
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/19
---

## Reason #19: Longevity
I just looked through the last week of reasons, and I realised I haven't written a single one earlier than 11pm. There are a couple of reasons for this: A) I have been fairly busy during the day, and usually an early reason is that I've had the time to reflect before it gets too late. B) Finding reasons has been a little hard. 

It's no reason in particular. It's just that (as an example) [Reason 13: Daddy's Dim Sum](/reason/13) was actually a fairly mundane day, where nothing overwhelmingly good or bad happened. It got to the evening, and I realised I hadn't done anything reason worthy, so I ordered some food delivery.

Though I wouldn't consider it to be cheating, it does feel *cheap*. The other thing is: the boring days feel 100x worse than bad days. At least if I'm having a bad day, there's a reason. Having something to blame makes it easier. Much how the opposite of love isn't hate, it's indifference. Being indifferent to life can be a numbing experience.

So where does longevity fit into all of this? Well - I'm curious how much of a long series this will be. Sure I initially planned on 30-ish days, but there's nothing to say that I won't keep going beyond that if there's a desire from either readers or myself. I want to find more exciting reasons. I want to find reasons before 11pm.

### Today was a 7/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)