---
Date: 2023-04-02 23:16
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/25
---

## Reason #25: Lazy Days
It feels a little weird calling today a lazy day because weirdly I got a lot done. I woke up at 6am to watch the Formula 1, where every driver seemingly forgot how to drive. It wasn't just them, all weekend the Formula 2/3 drivers have been equally struggling to drive cars for some reason...

I got a couple of hours in on Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. It's a game I bought to play with friends, but I never *really* played, so I've been slowly getting three starts on all of the 150cc cups. Turns out: using cars that stick to the meta is WAY faster than ones that just look good.

Though not today, I have been doing a similar thing with Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. These are both games I bought **AGES** ago, but only really played in passing whilst with others. Playing the single-player modes has been really nice - and often coincides with me visiting my parents as I don't have my [Mac Studio](/setup/apple-mac-studio) or [Xbox Series S](/setup/microsoft-xbox-series-s) to play all of the regulars, so stick to my [Switch OLED](/setup/nintendo-switch-oled).

I did a little bit of power washing, something I'd probably due for free just out of sheer satisfaction ([r/powerwashingporn](https://www.reddit.com/r/powerwashingporn/) exists for a reason), and I helped out a bit with my dad's Porsche.

On top of all of that - I've been helping to take care of my pregnant cousin. She's actually fairly low-maintenance as far as people who are 7.5-months pregnant go, and I'm more than happy to do it, but the tiredness from that is mostly the emotional journey of excitement for a new life being brought into the world, and wanting to help in any way possible to minimize any and all friction.

All-in-all, it wasn't actually that lazy of a day, and as soon as this is published I'm going to pass out in my bed as I only got 3-ish hours of sleep last night (I blame Adam). That being said, it's hard to deny that I didn't exactly do anything that required either physical or mental exhaustion. Days like these easily get lost to the passing of time, but I'm glad that this one will, in some weird way, be immortalised forever on here.

### Today was a 7/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)