---
Date: 2023-04-04 00:31
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/26
---

## Reason #26: The Desire For Numbers
Listen, I *know* that back in [Reason 6](/reason/6) I said that "the simplicity is what makes it such a joy to use" in regards to [weblog.lol](https://weblog.lol), and though for the most part that is true, there is no denying that there is still a part of me that is curious about the viewing numbers on this journey. 

With only 5 days (including this one) of the originally planned run-time remaining, the question must be asked: Will I keep going after 30 days? The honest answer is "I don't know". It's the kind of thing that numbers *could* make easier. If every reason was getting 100,000 views, it'd be a no-brainer to keep going.

I guess I have 4 days to figure out if there will be a 31st reason that I post. If you're reading this: know that even if it's never published, I will have a 31st reason in my mind.

Weirdly, my favourite part of this whole process has been figuring out the little bit of text I put before the link when I post it on Mastodon. It takes the format of: "Sometimes, xxx", and it's really fun. Today will be: "Sometimes, the reason is contradictory." If you want to see the others, [take a look at my Mastodon](https://social.lol/@georgeprobably).

### Today was a 6/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)