---
Date: 2023-04-07 23:42
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/30
---

## Reason #30: End of an Era
Just like that, we have hit a full month of reasons. There's no denying that some days were easier than others. Sometimes reasons were free-flowing, and others it was like trying to draw blood from a stone.

Anyone who has been part of this journey, whether it be reaching out to me directly, or just reading a single post: thank you very much. If you had asked me how likely I thought this was to actually happen back at [Reason #1](/reason/1) I'd have said it was vanishingly small.

The truth is: I have learnt a lot about myself along the way. The reason I started doing this was because I have attempted journalling before, but to no real success. A professional recommended that, since I'm a "content creator", I turn journaling into content. The truth it - it has really helped.

There will definitely be a Reason 31, in fact, I want to have a few that are more than just "my reason is a colour". I want reasons where I talk to people I find inspiring and help share their stories - so keep an eye out for those.

For right now though - Western Digital has made it possible to enable Local Access on WD MyCloud devices, so if you've got a friend who needs files, make sure to help them out. 

Kindness binds us.

### Today was a 8/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)