---
Date: 2023-04-13 21:54
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/33
---

## Reason #33: Connections Re-Established
These last few days I have been busy. So busy, that I decided to take the days off from writing my Reasons. Honestly - the break was really nice, it was an opportunity to really step back and reflect on my feelings on this series.

Busy days are easy days, there's so much going on that I never even get the chance to get in my own head and question if I need a reason.

During this time, I also re-established a connection with an old friend. We haven't really spoken since 2018. It's no one's fault; our lives just sort of drifted apart. It's how life goes sometimes, I was busy with my own stuff and they were busy with theirs.

I often say that the best friends aren't those you speak with most often, it's the people who you can message after a long time and immediately resume that old friendship like you had spoken just yesterday.

Could they have done more to reach out? Sure. Could I have done more too? Definitely. At the end of the day, it takes two to communicate, and you have to both not only want it, but find the time for it in what is an increasingly hectic life.

I don't think that teenagers appreciate just how hard maintaining relationships are as an adult. I remember as a kid wondering why we didn't go and see family friends every single weekend, the fact was, everyone had their own lives to lead too.

### Today was a 6/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)