---
Date: 2023-04-24 14:09
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/36
---

## Reason #36: Love
Filming days are stressful, and filming weeks only compound that. Thursday was the hardest on-set day that we're expecting to have, and it definitely lived up to the hype!

Today, two days after wrapping, I'm still feeling exhausted, but ready for the one final push to get this all over the line. The reward for such a gruelling week was a quiet weekend complete with lie-ins, which has done wonders.

### Love is easy, until it isn't.
I spend a lot of time talking about my feelings on here. Feelings are what makes us who we are. In amongst all of that though, I have what may be a bit of a hot take: Love isn't a feeling. It's not an emotion, it's a promise.

Loving someone is promising to want what is best for them. To do everything you can to make sure that they feel loved and cherished.

Loving someone is a choice, the choice to give them the benefit of the doubt and to work through challenges together as a team.

People expect to meet someone, fall in love, and to have a happily ever after. Falling in love with a stranger is easy though, the reality is that loving someone gets harder as time passes, and it requires more work.

There will be times where the person you love causes anger, hurt, and frustration, whether that is accidental or intentional. Loving them is being willing to communicate about it and problem solve with them.

Most painfully, love is understanding that sometimes those you love may be better off without you in their lives. That could be because you cause detriment to each other, or simply because you've grown apart. Loving them is being willing to let them go. Accepting the pain, not because it's easy, but because holding on would be selfish and is only more damaging in the long run.

---

On a completely unrelated note: I had a chat with my friend Becky today. I often talk about how great my friends are, and I want to showcase some of those people. Look for something different on here over the coming days!

---
### Yesterday was a 7/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)