---
Date: 2023-09-17 20:12
Tags: The Reason (Series)
Location: /reason/43
---

## Reason #43: The (lack of) Trains

As I write this, I am 3 hours into what should be a 90-minute journey, with it looking likely to go on for a further 3 hours. The idea of inter-city public transport in England is great, you can usually get around the country quicker via rail than you could by car, and you can even drink a cheeky gin-and-tonic as you do it!

Every now and again, though, things go wrong. Today, there was a signal failure on the line I was originally meant to be going with, meaning I had to be driven to a different station, where a separate issue occurred! 

This has meant that what was supposed to be a fairly straightforward 120-mile journey south ended up taking me to Birmingham, which is 40 miles AWAY from London, and I'm not going 160 miles back down south to London.

I am normally a staunch defender of public transport in England, sure the staff need to be paid better, but it's what keeps our country together. Trains are where I enter my flow state, unable to be distracted with a good internet connection, and with only my laptop screen, I am more productive here than I am anywhere else.

It's not all bad though, while running around Birmingham from one station to another, I did manage to get a really tasty honeycomb latte.

Update: While walking through the train aisle, someone knocked my coffee over. Luckily the lid was still on, so only a little was lost. And mayhaps more importantly - none got on the person sitting opposite me.

Either way, I won't let these travel troubles ruin my lovely weekend.

### Yesterday and today were both 10/10

>This post is part of a series called "The Reason". I haven't committed to living forever, but I find a reason to live for one more day every day. [Read the rest of the series here.](/reason/)